[Applause]
[Music]
what's the funniest sounding Danish word
who uncle what does that mean it's like
porridge call cult man what one spell it
for me are well there's a letter you
don't have mmm
Oh with the thing do you not have any of
the letters we have no we have all Unix
why do you have more letters you have no
worth them we do yeah all right have you
ever seen a mini novelty license plate
with your name on it I have not known
mmm have you seen one of yours of course
my name's Jimmy it's one of the most
common names there is do you have like
your own license plate you mean like a a
personalized license plates that's the
ones cool
yes but it's just a series of random
numbers how many lamps
in a hotel room is too many lamps it's
always seven sevens too much sevens the
number think so
what would you number be four yeah three
me have you ever been in a place where
you could like and then it would go out
you mean heaven yeah but I hope to get
there one day
hey it's not a toast to heaven I
hope they have no lamps one lamp is
golems okay right white Walker by Johnny
Walker the answer to all of life's
ridiculous questions